docs: add AOT mode default to version 9 upgrade doc (#33703)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/updating-to-version-9.md

- Angular now compiles with Ivy by default. See [Ivy compatibility section](#ivy).

> - CLI apps build in [AOT mode](/guide/aot-compiler) by default (which includes template type-checking). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- CLI apps compile in [AOT mode](/guide/aot-compiler) by default (which includes template type-checking). 
```

Users who only built with JIT before may see new type errors. 

> See our [template type-checking guide](guide/template-typecheck) for help debugging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See our [template type-checking guide](guide/template-typecheck) for more information and debugging tips.
```
